doc: add missing sections (#73)
valory-xyz/contribution-service: docs/index.md

![CoordinationKit](images/autonolas-coordination-logo.png){ align=left width="150" }

> The CoordinationKit helps you build services to show off community contributions by minting badges which evolve as users make contributions to the DAO. Such services work by minting badges and activate them to witness an update, showing off contributions on NFT-enabled social media sites.

Reviewer: The CoordinationKit helps you build services to show off community contributions by letting users mint badges which evolve as they make contributions to the DAO. Such services work by monitoring user contributions, updating their badges accordingly and showing off contributions on NFT-enabled social media sites.
```suggestion
The CoordinationKit helps you build services to show off community contributions by letting users mint badges which evolve as they make contributions to the DAO. Such services work by monitoring user contributions, updating their badges accordingly and showing off contributions on NFT-enabled social media sites.
```

![ContributionKit](images/autonolas-contribute-logo.png){ align=left width="150" }

> The ContributionKit helps you build services to show off community contributions by minting badges which evolve as users make contributions to the DAO. Such services work by minting badges and activate them to witness an update, showing off contributions on NFT-enabled social media sites.

Reviewer: Not exactly accurate. The service doies not mint, the users do. The service just keeps tracks of the new minted tokens and updates their metadata to create new image links.

Autonolas Contribute, a service based on the ContributionKit, streamlines the contribution experience for members of the Autonolas community.

> When someone mints a badge, they will start at the first tier. As they complete actions that contribute to the success of Autonolas, you'll earn points and climb the leaderboard. When you earn enough points to reach a higher badge tier, their badge will automatically update to reflect the new rank. This is a great way to demonstrate contributions on NFT-enabled social media sites and earn recognition that reflects your contribution within the Autonolas community.

Reviewer: As they complete actions....THEY'll ear....

Reviewer: Also in the next sentece, first person and second person mismatch.

Author: Fixed.

> Every few minutes an Autonolas Contribute checks the leaderboard. If a user has earned enough points to put them in a new [badge tier](https://contribute.autonolas.network/docs#section-badge) the service will automatically update your badge NFT’s image. By completing certain actions, users climb the leaderboard and upgrade their badge.

Reviewer: an user

Author: It's "a user" not "an user".

	```

3. Prepare the `keys.json` file containing the wallet address and the private key for each of the agents.

    ??? example "Example of a `keys.json` file"

        <span style="color:red">**WARNING: Use this file for testing purposes only. Never use the keys or addresses provided in this example in a production environment or for personal use.**</span>

        ```json
        [
          {
              "address": "0x15d34AAf54267DB7D7c367839AAf71A00a2C6A65",
              "private_key": "0x47e179ec197488593b187f80a00eb0da91f1b9d0b13f8733639f19c30a34926a"
          },
          {
              "address": "0x9965507D1a55bcC2695C58ba16FB37d819B0A4dc",
              "private_key": "0x8b3a350cf5c34c9194ca85829a2df0ec3153be0318b5e2d3348e872092edffba"
          },
          {
              "address": "0x976EA74026E726554dB657fA54763abd0C3a0aa9",
              "private_key": "0x92db14e403b83dfe3df233f83dfa3a0d7096f21ca9b0d6d6b8d88b2b4ec1564e"
          },
          {
              "address": "0x14dC79964da2C08b23698B3D3cc7Ca32193d9955",
              "private_key": "0x4bbbf85ce3377467afe5d46f804f221813b2bb87f24d81f60f1fcdbf7cbf4356"
          }
        ]
        ```

> 4. Build the service deployment.

Reviewer: We are missing the env vars and the explanation about how to get ther srevice_auth file

Author: Please suggest change here.

Reviewer: This is an example with the variables we need to set:
```
ETHEREUM_LEDGER_RPC=https://goerli.infura.io/v3/d27c4537b4c34e82b70bf970574a5f2d
DYNAMIC_CONTRIBUTION_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=0x7c3b976434fae9986050b26089649d9f63314bd8
EARLIEST_BLOCK_TO_MONITOR=8053690
IPFS_GATEWAY_BASE_URL=https://gateway.staging.autonolas.tech/ipfs/
LEADERBOARD_API_KEY=AIzaSyBKCAc6P1hHr9s0tlHQ87Xt2ANHH2CGiwA
LEADERBOARD_BASE_ENDPOINT=https://sheets.googleapis.com/v4/spreadsheets
LEADERBOARD_LAYERS_RANGE=Layers!B1:Z32
LEADERBOARD_POINTS_RANGE=Ranking!B2:C302
LEADERBOARD_SHEET_ID=1m7jUYBoK4bFF0F2ZRnT60wUCAMWGMJ_ZfALsLfW5Dxc
OBSERVATION_INTERVAL=10
SERVICE_AUTH=<service_auth_here>
```

To create a service_auth (if we ask the user to do so): https://www.sharperlight.com/uncategorized/2022/04/06/accessing-the-google-sheets-api-via-sharperlight-query-builder/
